Hello everybody welcome back to pretty
Lonesome this week we are going to be
talking about friendships and stuff
specifically having no [__] friends
and being in your 20s because I think
that it is a common conundrum conundrum
is my new word by the way I think I'm
going to start doing word of the week
because I get embarrassed when I
discover a new word or I remember a new
word and I use it a lot and I feel like
people are going to notice and be like
did this which just discover that word
and to me that is just like a little bit
embarrassing I don't know why that makes
me feel like deep deep embarrassment
like in my soul so well yes in my soul
I'm sticking with that so I better just
so I'm I'm better off just being like
upfront about it guys I'm using the word
conundrum a lot because I just
remembered it exists let me have it
we'll do word of the week I'm going to
forget to do that we might do word of
the week I'll be honest with you we
might not um also my dog is next to me
and I think she's about to start like
jumping and screaming cuz my mom's about
to walk out so for context I live at my
mother's house much like most people in
my age range because the economy is
[__] [__] now I don't live at my
mom's house because the economy is [__]
I am lucky enough to be able to afford
to move out if I wanted to I just don't
want to As a matter of principle because
what the actual [__] do you mean the
average rent for a one bed in London is
£3,000 a month um I just won't pay that
sorry I'm not paying that um no I don't
know what else to tell you other than no
the best way I can describe the feeling
that that digit gives me is um it
doesn't make me angry makes me malicious
like I want to very underhandedly and
sneakily uh get into the personal life
of a politician um and slowly but surely
derail everything about their uh
personal lives that's how it makes me
feel it doesn't make me feel
like ah the rent price no no it makes me
calculated and ominous but do you know
what I mean it just makes me makes me
cold and calculated really does anyway I
have been a little bit in the I don't
mind living with my mom I like it a lot
I would rather have my own flat but not
for that price and I also don't really
want to live in London so I came home
temporarily to just like figure out my
next move and be like well I don't want
to pay run in London so like let me just
come home live with my mom for a few
months and then I'll figure out where I
do want to live that was 8 months ago
and I just kind of still live here
because it's easier and I feel like
that's a position that a lot of people
in my age range are in where they can't
afford to live outside of their parents
house or if they can afford it it's at a
stretch they would rather save they
would rather just figure out where
they're going rather than be working
paycheck to paycheck and just kind of
get so wrapped up in the stresses of
everyday life that they don't actually
end up doing anything most of my friends
when we all finished University moved
back to where they grew up I did it my
friends did it everyone did it unless
you were offered a job straight out of
University or you were going on to study
another course there was just actually
no [__] point because I was not
staying in Canterbury and I was not
going to pay the rent in London so and I
still am not so I've just been home ever
since I moved out for 6 months I went to
London for 6 months I paid an insane
amount of rent not as insane as it is
now because that's how fast the economy
is actually [__] burning but it was
still an insane amount and I went [__]
this and I ended my contract 6 months
early and I came home and I've been here
ever since and I keep meaning to make a
decision about my life but I just keep
forgetting I don't know I think she
loves having me here but I'm also like I
feel bad because I know loves having me
here and I know she doesn't like really
want to live alone but I'm also like
just 60 sexy and so fun like 30 FLIR and
thriving but 60 sexy and so fun that's
what I was trying to do there if you
didn't get it I wouldn't blame you if
you didn't but I don't know anyways it
got me thinking about why this is
difficult because even though I have the
access the opportunity and the financial
ability to not be in this situation I
still am in this situation I've chosen
it but I'm still here and it it's not
ideal because why the [__] am I sitting
in the same bed that I had when I was 12
and I'm talking to the same friend I had
when I was 12 except I used to talk to
her about um who said what in master
class and now I'm talking to her about
her [__] wedding like it's just
genuinely moments where no matter what
is actually going on in your life no
matter how much you're progressing no
matter how many new people you've met
how many new opportunities you've had
how much money you've made to sit in the
same exact spot that you have been in 10
years ago is trippy as [__] like it's
actually so weird and it's also a sign
that I need to get a new mattress
because that's genuinely gross but
anyway I keep having these moments where
every heartbreak I've ever had ever
enured I've endured it within this house
because I haven't really had that many
heartbreaks but I've had enough and they
all happened here pretty much and the
other day I was thinking about something
and I was sad about it and I was on my
sofa and I was staring at my fireplace
and I realized every single version of
me that's been in this exact position
has sat on this exact spot and said at
those exact bricks I'm literally her
right like it was genuinely like I could
feel that I had time traveled in that
moment and I was like this is not right
this is not natural I need to move out
of my mother's house now because I I was
literally like whoo I've been here
before not just on this sofa not just in
this room I've been exactly here before
as this exact person feeling these exact
emotions to feel the same exact emotion
6 years after the last time you felt it
and be staring at the exact same bricks
on the exact same sofa and the exact
same it's genuinely will make you go
crazy I was like no no it's time to move
out anyway all the friends that I grew
up with here I either cut them off
because they're [__] evil or they're
still at University most of my friends
have either just graduated or they
haven't graduated yet so when I come
back here there's actually no one for me
to hang out with because people are
either off living their lives or they're
still at University so no one's here and
so last night I was just at home doing
my thing when one of my neighbors walked
through the door and she's a girl that I
grew up with she's my sister's best
friend and we all grew up together all
living on the same street and she walked
through the door with a bottle of wine
and we sat around and drank it and she
told me like she's moved home for a
couple of months because she's just
finished University and she's just
figuring out where she's what she's
going to do next and that was the first
person that has done that from my friend
group and I realized in that moment it's
actually very lonely here because you
are the only person doing this with me
like being back where we started with me
no one else that I know is here it got
me thinking also about how comforting
that friendship is for me because she's
just an old friend and I just know her
and I have to think about why or how I
just do and I just trust that she just
knows me and it's like it's very
non-judgmental it's very like look I've
seen you be 14 and I've seen you be 20
like we're just going to be good with
each other because if that didn't make
me hate you then we're good it's just a
very relaxed like because a lot of the
times when I make newer friends if feel
I'm much more conscious of who they are
as a person because inherently I
slightly distrust them I want to listen
more closely when they speak about how
they view the world or how they feel
about their ex or like there's all these
little things that I'm looking for a
Telltale sign that the new person I met
that I really like is crazy or is evil
or is something that I am not seeing but
then when you've known someone for the
best part of their life like most of the
time they've been on Earth and you've
just watched them you don't have to ask
because I've seen you be a good person
and I've seen you be genuine and I've
seen everything happen to you I've
witnessed your life like I don't need to
ask you questions about your ex cuz I
actually [__] knew him and he was
[__] terrible like it's just so much
more relaxing I spend all my time almost
all my time around new people who a lot
of the time do have alary motives with
me and I don't mind that they do but
they do it's just understanding that
they do whatever it's fine but it gets
exhausting and I just haven't been
around familiarity in so long that when
it familiarity was in front of me I
didn't even know what it was and I was
like why am I finding this so sweet and
comforting and cozy and I realize it's
because I just trust you completely
trust you to be who I know you are
because I've watched you become them you
know what I mean and that was really
nice but then it got me thinking how
scary it is to make friends in your 20s
and how hard because a lot of people
move home and there's not much
opportunity or it doesn't feel like
there is anyway my experience for new
friendships where you've always been
because I've already met all the [__]
my age and I already [__] hate them
you know I've made I know you guys and
I've decided that we are not friends
that's not changing um
like I'm not going to go and find that
one girl from my class at school who I
thought was all right just cuz I'm
lonely I'm just not going to do that um
so it's hard and unless you're working a
job where you just get some cool
co-workers I don't really know where
else you're supposed to meet people
because everyone's like oh pick up a
hobby okay I get the sentiment but
genuinely that's not going to happen
sorry it's just not I've tried to pick
up Hobbies I picked up a hobby I'll tell
you what I picked up I picked up a gym
class in my small town where I grew up
think maybe I'll meet some nice girls my
age do you know who I met 50-year-olds
there's no one my age here like I I
don't know where they all went because
I'm sure I was at school with them and
suddenly they're gone why am I still
here this isn't fair this is backwards
anyways I'm very relieved that they're
gone though actually because to put it
very simply I did not like you guys well
not all of them anyway it is hard to
make friends in your 20s because you
just are in less context to do it if
it's not University and you don't get
lucky with your co-workers where the
[__] are you going to find people right
and to actually find people that you're
compatible with is very rare but that's
going to be a lifelong struggle though
that's not exclusive to your 20s it's
just actually hard um I was lucky I
found my friend te on the street
literally saw her crying on the street
and then we became friends it was that
simple I was just walking down Oxford
Street and there she was picked up a
stray with Millie I found her on
Instagram when I was 13 years old my
very close friendships have come to me
in very strange ways but when it comes
to Old friendships as well it's also
very hard to keep those intact I think
in your 20s because 20s are so scary
first of all you know that audio where
it's like do you know you have 30
minutes 30 yeah I hate that audio
because it validated everything I feel
and I didn't want it to be validated I
actually wanted to someone to tell me I
was crazy and that I have more than 30
minutes and then that audio came about
and I was like now I have 20 minutes
like the reason I think it's so [__]
scary is because I have one friend who's
still at Uni
getting drunk on the weekends and the
weekdays actually and um living with her
friends and her boyfriend and just like
is it uni like that's the phase of her
life that she's in I have another friend
who just got married I just went to my
first wedding and I was walking into the
chapel and I said to the person I was
with isn't it crazy this is the first
wedding and they were like what do you
mean and I was like well this is the
first one to get married like of
everyone we knew and grew up with this
is the first one she's done it first
from our group of friends anyway and she
like oh my God that's crazy I was like
yes now this is a girl that I used to um
jump on the trampoline with I used to we
have pictures of us in the bath together
at like 8 years old and we would wear
like
t-shirts and suddenly she is saying her
vows and then the most terrifying part
guys oh my [__] god actually let me
just freak out for one sec so that she
says her vows and I'm looking around
like why is no one saying that they
object like when they was like if anyone
knows why these two should not be
lawfully wear said me hello this is a
child marriage and it's not legal why
was everyone okay with it like no word
of advice no are you okay no you know
you know you've got I it's you're very
young none of that why because it's a
perfectly reasonable age to get married
it's not actually I I don't I don't
disagree that you should can get married
or make that decision at 25 that's how
old my friend is I think that's actually
very fine Nar Smith's some kind of age
like that I don't know it's disputed I
love her though but um afterwards when
the wedding was done I was stood around
with some older women talking about they
wanted to know what I did on Instagram
so we're having that conversation and
innately when I had that conversation
with people older I feel very [__]
young because they're like so what do
you do for work and I'm like well I post
online and they're like oh so like like
Instagram and I'm like yeah essentially
Instagram they're like well how does
that make you money
and I'm like well you just have to
imagine me like a billboard like a
talking one and they get it now that
makes me feel like I might be 15 years
old telling someone yeah my line of work
is I just like take pictures of myself
and like film stuff that I do then the
Bride Comes and we're like you know what
the [__] oh my [__] god gu sorry that
was my grandma um she just got out of a
taxi and walked past my car and
literally not about to explain to her
what a podcast is right now I had to
duck and hide that's so mean of me sorry
I'm going to go say hi to her in a
minute I had no idea she was coming over
right now anyway so I'm there feeling
very youthful because I'm just trying to
explain the internet to like a
60-year-old woman who knows what the
internet is by the way but she's like
how do you what do you mean you work as
yourself on the internet and I'm like
okay so it's not porn I feel that
there's a big age gap between us in
those moments you know what I mean
because there is and then the bride
comes up and she we're all complimenting
her dress and I realized no one's asking
her or com no one is commenting on how
young she is and now I'm not her age so
I'm just like yeah she's [__] old
like anyone older than me is [__] old
I've always stood on that I think when I
was 12 a 13-year-old was really [__]
old and now a 25y old ew don't I
couldn't date one that would be illegal
like I just and don't even get me
started on 30-year-olds I don't know
what the stick up my butt about them is
actually let me not get into it cuz it's
so [__] mean I've always had a
vendetta against 30-year-olds and I
really don't know why but she's 25 so
I'm like yeah okay we're not the same
age so I'm not maybe I don't get it I
don't know we're close enough I should
probably know exactly why I feel this
way like I am close enough in Age 2 that
it's negligible it's not like I'm
[__] 16 and like yeah 25's old no
like I'm going to be 25 in in in a
matter of minutes it feels so I should
probably not be thinking that she's old
it's just the way that all these
50-year-old 60-year-old women were not
like God you know so young you know
crazy youth Crazy Kids you know what a
passionate marriage and you know do you
think yeah how is it going to work
you're so young none of that just I love
the Flyers Flyers were like did you make
the food she catered though the bride
catered the wedding herself and everyone
was just talking about the food and the
fers and the flowers and the dress not
the fact that she's literally 12 cuz
she's not 12 that was where I came to in
my head oh my God you're not 12
terrifying and then I have a friend
that's like almost the same age as her
who's still at
University um you know what I mean and
then I just broke up with someone
obviously [__] hell in such a extreme
manner but I was like this is fine I'm
young like I'm not supposed to be
[__] getting married or like knowing
anything yet you know although I will
say I think that that was the last bad
breakup I can do because I think after a
certain age it does get embarrassing
like that one was fine I got into that
relationship when I was 21 so I'm like
okay you know that is excusable I think
if I did that again cuz that's my third
bad one by the way that was not a first
time Rodeo for me that was my third
horrendous end to a relationship or just
horrendous relationship in general um so
I was coming to all these realizations
of one I have 30 minutes two if I wanted
to get married or pregnant today no one
would ask me if I'm crazy alth no they
would I think pregnancy I think would be
people might still be like wow it's very
young but marri marriage for some reason
that's fine and obviously I know people
that get married at like 20 18 even 16
even oh I don't think that's legal that
I think it is I think you can they did
it on Coronation Street so F and Shan
got married on Coronation Street when
they were 16 actually I think they got
uh the the think get married that was
the whole issue they got a ceremony of
something although they actually never
did because sha ran off so BTO law if
you are into Coronation Street anyway
crazy so I find it very hard to
understand how old I am because
I first of all I'm pretty sure in my
head I've always been 16 I will be 16
probably forever so the fact that I'm
just not 16 is upsetting because what do
you mean second of all am I supposed to
be getting married or can I just like
still hang out with my friends at
University and go get drunk on a
Wednesday because that's when the
student union gets drunk you know what I
mean like where am I um everyone is so
different and it's really really scaring
me and then do you want to know the most
upsetting thing that happened to me I'm
very used very I'm very used to being
the youngest in a room when it comes to
like the people that I work with because
I'm the one that does the [__] [__]
posting and they're the ones with the
real jobs who you know get me deals or
like do my audio stuff like whoever it
is they're always older than me I'm very
used to being the youngest in the room
so imagine my shock and horror when um
one of my PR girls was uh younger than
me I was like whoa okay when did that
happen like so you're telling me people
my age can have jobs as good as yours
that's like that means you've had life
experience and school experience and
you're very capable crazy it just keeps
catching up to me where I'm like I'm
actually not 16 the [__] but I think
that the the fact that everyone is at
different stages of their lives some
people are at square one and it feels
like other people are just further down
the road and whether that be that they
have like an amazing job or they're
[__] married or they have a baby
whatever it is none of my kids have
babies yet thank God because everyone's
at such different points in their lives
it's hard to even have friendships
because I might have a friend that I've
had for 5 years um and now I'm fresh out
of uni at an early stage of my career
and she is settling down and renting a
house with a man and getting pregnant I
don't have that experience but I imagine
someone does because that can happen
it's a possibility how confusing like
even if it's someone you get on with
even if it's a really really good friend
life is just genuinely so open to um
choices right now you can choose
anything you want that people will just
go off in different directions and you
will lose friends not because they did
anything wrong just because they got
married all of my friends are at a place
in their life right now where they're
just focusing on their careers and
everyone's at very early stages most of
my friends are not in jobs that they
love or want to work in Forever that's
just like the way it is they are just
doing things as stepping stones to get
where they really want to be a lot of
people feel very discontented I think
that's the word and I noticed that
there's more anxiety around my friends
and their careers than there was 2 years
ago when we were all still at University
because like I've said before University
really is a time where as stressed as
you are about deadlines and as stressed
as you are about just everything in
general there isn't this existential
stress of like who I what am I going to
make for myself for my life because I
don't have to think about it right now
because I'm here for the next two years
right like I have to worry about the
next step right now I just have to focus
on what I'm doing and I'm content with
that then once you finish it's just this
Panic that [__] hits you in the face
I had it too because when I finished
University this was not my job it was
something that I did it was a hobby it
was really fun and cute it was not
paying me any money so I well it was but
like not money that I would want to live
off of forever and I had to make a
decision like do I want to try and do
this full-time and just like take a year
off and travel a bit which is what I
ended up doing because I wanted to go
travel with Millie or do I not want to
have a gap in my resume what were you
doing for an entire [__] year of your
life you didn't have any job because I
was posting on Tik Tok sorry like if it
didn't go well I would have had a gap in
my resume and that wasn't okay there's
definitely like a buzz of anxiety around
my friends and I think it's healthy
because they're concerned and they like
I think it's just it's a sign of
ambition but people are just going off
in different directions I have so many
friends who have moved away from where
we all went to University I have friends
who have moved away from home who are
still at University who are just
everywhere and it's just hard also when
you move out of an environment that has
become familiar to you like University I
would go around campus and I would just
see familiar faces all the time I would
see people that I knew not necessarily
liked but I knew and I had flatmates and
I had housemates and I had coursemates
and I just knew all these faces and I
just it was familiar to me like
everything was familiar to me it was a
world that I had been living in for long
enough that I knew everything and
everyone pretty much not everything
and that is like that's actually a hard
thing to lose because you just kind of
lose this sense of belonging this sense
of like Community warmth whatever it is
like it's not there anymore and it's
healthy because obviously you're
supposed to you know fly from the nest
and whatever and go into unfamiliar
Waters and uncomfortable situations
because that is how you grow and that is
how you get a new job and that is how
you become who you meant to be but it is
uncomfortable and I think it just
contributes to everyone being really
lonely in their 20s also I always
remember when I was like 19 to 21 I had
expected for some reason during those
years cuz it was like early University I
expected that I was going to find my
best friend in life because I feel like
it's a common thing in like movies and
stuff and like you just hear about it of
like I met my my best friends at
University I met my kids a't at
University and so I had always been like
okay well that's when I have to find the
girl that is my soulmate platonically so
that my kids can have that because
that's just kind of what I expected like
okay it's going to be the most social
few years of my life University duh and
well little did I [__] know that was
not the case but I thought it was going
to be the most social F years of my life
I thought it was going to be the most
open most new experiences most diversity
of every kind of experience you can
imagine that just you just don't usually
get and so I expected like if I'm going
to find her
she's going to be at University with me
she was not I think a lot of people know
the value of friendship in this day and
age like I genuinely think that I'm
seeing a shift and maybe I'm wrong
correct me if I am but I feel like a lot
of people are shifting in between
putting more value on men and boyfriends
and relationships in general to their
girlfriends I think I just see it on
social media a lot of people really
valuing their female friendships a lot
more I think that there is so much more
to be acknowledged even now when it
comes to how important friendships are
because I think a lot of people in my
age grou group feel lonely and their
first instinct is get on hinge get on
Tinder like find relationship find
partner and I think that's actually why
a lot of relationships don't [__]
work because you just can't enter it
like that like you cannot need something
and so then you get a partner to fulfill
it like you have to be self-sufficient
you have to have enough options for that
need to be met that it doesn't just fall
on one person like go out get friends
continue your life and then then find
someone who fits into it do not find
someone who you can then form a life
around because that's just never going
to [__] work it's never going to work
but I do think that people are really
like starting to acknowledge the
importance of friendships especially
female friendships but I think it's also
hard just once you do find a friend say
you you get past the hardest hurdle and
you find a girl that you want to be
friends with you're going to have
different jobs most likely like it's
hard to find people who fit in the same
city similar job similar life similar
person it's just like so many puzzle
pieces have to fall into place if
they're not falling into place for you I
genuinely believe that there's a reason
and maybe you just need to spend some
time by yourself because maybe that is
just what you're supposed to do right
now I have had periods of my life where
I've had no [__] friends like and
it's not like oh I fell out with all my
friends it's like yeah I have friends
but they're nowhere near me right now
they're off doing their own thing I just
don't have anyone close to me that I
like and it's really lonely and it's
actually very hard and I I do look back
on those times in my life as like yeah
that was hard but the things that I
learned from those times were so
valuable to me and I just built a very
very very strong bond with myself
probably too strong because I think that
I still to this day I'm like very much
someone who will be like I don't need
you like I don't care what it is you
supply for me I don't need you I do need
my friends but like I think I restrict
information from my friends
because I'm like let me deal with this
on my own I think to prove that I can to
myself not to them but I'm just like
yeah let me like withhold this
information from you so that I am not
completely dependent on you or Reliant
in any way which is dumb because I do
want to rely on my friends and I do rely
on my friends a lot of the time it's
just sometimes I'm actually insane sorry
like I said I am living at home and I'm
by myself and my friend is here as well
she's just moved home she she's got me
but there's no one else really here
majorly that like actually has probably
more friends than I do never mind um so
as I said I was thinking about how it is
just hard to have to go out into the
world go to university and then come
back home because I think so many people
do it I do it I done it and it is hard
it's lonely it's it's difficult to
readjust to being around parents it is a
little bit [__] depressing it's
mentally challenging and it is also just
I can feel a bit hopeless I now have the
option where I can leave if I want to I
just haven't got around to it yet but
when I didn't have the option when I
couldn't afford to leave and I was here
after University it felt very very very
dark and as much as I love my mom and I
love her house and it's always been big
enough for me before it just wasn't big
enough for me anymore and I didn't want
to feel like sound ungrateful or you
know seem frustrated or tell anyone that
I was frustrated because at least I have
a [__] roof over my head it just felt
dark and it felt lonely and it felt
hopeless and it felt like what was the
point I work worked so hard at
University and now I may as well have
just not gone because I'm just in the
same exact position I was in when I left
4 years ago and now I'm also in debt I
think that position is genuinely hard
and and I think the main thing to
remember if if you are in that kind of a
place is nothing's real and more people
are where you think than they will tell
you if that makes sense I'm not going to
be specific when I say this but I'm
going to share a secret with you which
is I would genuinely say that over half
of popular people online not only do
they not have [__] friends it's not
like oh they've got fake friends a lot
of people have fake friends no I'm
talking like these people they do not
have friends and they do not have social
lives and they want they want these
things but they don't have it and they
just make it look like they do they
don't have most of the things that they
show this does not go for Everyone by
the way it's just something that when I
first came in to the this kind of
industry and I started meeting these
people and I started to understand this
is not real I used to feel really
insecure for example when I first came
into this kind of life and job I
remember seeing that everyone somehow
could afford things I couldn't but it
seemed like they should be being paid
similar to how I was being paid and yet
they had a house and a car and all these
clothes and all these friends and all
this this and that and they were always
abroad and they always doing all these
things and I was like damn like am I not
getting paid like who do I need to speak
to to like you know get on the [__]
salary you're on like did I get a salary
but like there was a big disconnect and
I'm not talking the difference in5 or
10,000 extra money I'm talking Millions
difference and I was very confused and
one of the things I realized very
quickly was most of them are nepotism
and that's why they have those things
and it's not that there's a pay
difference it's just they've always
lived like that that was one number two
it's not real and when I tell you it's
not real I mean these [__] rent their
cars they rent their houses and they
rent their bags and they rent their
t-shirts it's insane and when I tell you
it is deranged it is I respect it
because I'm like wow like you are
actually just putting on a production
this is actually The Truman Show but
opposite it's opposite date at The
Truman Show no one else knows only you
know that this is a performance and
maybe I was dumb for not knowing that
and for thinking they really had these
social lives and like some people do
like don't get me wrong there's a lot of
people who do and I I'm in awe of them
I'm like wow but a lot of the time more
than you would think and in contexts
that you would be shocked about I just
can't tell you because I'm not about to
actually get [__] sued it's not real
like that's the bottom line and it's
easy to feel like [__] about your life
and about yourself when you are in your
20s because there's so much comparison
there is so much variation either you
might feel quite good about yourself cuz
at least you're not on your seventh year
of uni because you didn't retake maybe
you feel good about yourself because you
don't want to [__] get married and
you feel bad for the girl that just did
that you just seen on Facebook or the
girl who's pregnant and you're like glad
that's not me and then equally might
feel like [__] about yourself because
someone in your same age group is
talking about their latest promotion and
their LinkedIn profile is literally on
[__] crack and they somehow have
disposable income for a vacation that's
another thing people talk a big game
about how broke they are and then
they'll go on [__] vacation that
never made any sense to me it's the same
thing as at school when people be like
yeah I didn't study for this test and
the next thing you know they have an A+
what do you mean I thought we were in
this together and you just made me feel
like we're the same so I should feel
like [__] about the fact that I'm not
doing as well as you and now I realize
you were lying to me and that's what
your 20s are you're just being lied to I
think 20s just are lonely for people
because of the nature of them like jobs
people are very movable transferable
they go to new cities they go to new
places they go to new countries they go
home they leave home there's literally
nowhere you're meant to be so you just
everyone is at a different point in
their lives it's hard to not feel like
[__] about it sometimes I'm actually the
same way I see people in my age group
who are rampantly more successful more
Rich uh more put together than I am and
I'm like like [__] the hell and that's
fine I'm not them and they're not me I
just there's no point feeling like [__]
about it because it becomes a
self-fulfilling prophecy and it
shouldn't because your 20s are meant to
be for being lost for figuring [__] out
you're very very young like I feel like
that's actually forgotten a lot
especially online because you're having
conversations about being 22 with
someone that's 15 and so in comparison
you feel like you're old you're 22
I need you to sit with that for a sec
the 15-year-old literally isn't allowed
to travel alone that's how young they
are that's a child you're 22 the way I
look at 20s you're a toddler so you
start at zero on your 20th birthday you
just got born if you're 22 or 2 years
old if you're 23 or 3 years old if
you're 24 you're 4 years old that's how
I look at them because it's literally
like you start again I don't know what
it is I genuinely felt it on my 20th
birthday I felt like my brain went blank
and I started again and you know what
was actually talking about with my
friends the other day this is how
[__] stupid I am I say that I think
it's for rediscovering things that
should be innate knowledge for example
the other day my friend was visiting me
in London and she and I are on the same
ADHD medication and so I was asking her
about it I was like do you get really
tired at lunchtime as well like I
literally get so [__] exhausted at
3:00 p.m. every single day and my friend
was like yeah I used to get that have
you tried eating lunch and I was like no
why would I do that and she was like
well you're energy crash in the middle
of the day might just mean that you need
fuel which is food so you should
probably eat and then your medication
will probably last longer and you'll
just feel better generally and I was
like wao a meal in the middle of the day
because I need extra fuel this is
revolutionary and I decided I was going
to pick up lunch I've never I've never
been a lunch person it genuinely can I
say something crazy lunch is yellow and
30-year-olds are lunch they are all
synonomous to me and I don't like any of
them I'm so sorry I feel 30 I genu have
nothing against you I don't know what it
is but it it's the same way I feel about
yellow um we all collectively there was
actually four people in the room when we
had this conversation and all of us
rediscovered the fact that lunch is
important together and then my friend
was like my mom always tells me that um
your 20s are for remembering things that
you've actually been taught your entire
life and it's so true because why was my
friend telling me have you tried lunch a
revolutionary piece of advice that I
would have paid for like that's the kind
of insight that I'm talking about yes
lunch you're so right anyway I think
that I think that your 20s hour scary
they are lonely and I think that that is
not unhealthy this one just got married
and this one just kissed a girl for the
first time you know what I mean there's
no way you're meant to be you are
exactly where you're meant to be you're
not behind in your career you're not
behind because you moved home you're not
behind because you can barely afford
your rent or you can't afford your rent
you're exactly where you're supposed to
be I think at all times times throughout
your life it's your life it's no one
else's why would you be supposed to be
somewhere that you're not I don't
understand who told you that did they
give you a schedule no okay then relax
and if you feel like you have no [__]
friends don't worry about it because
I'll tell you what I don't have any
[__] friends I have two maybe three
at push I have actually I'm lying I have
two amazing friends who live nowhere
near me actually have three Amazing
Friends that live nowhere near me cuz
Millie doesn't live anywhere near me I
have three amazing friends who live
nowhere near me and I love that I have
them in my life life I just never see
them and I rarely speak to them I know
they they're always there and then I
have a friend who does live very near me
and I see her all the time and she's
like my person that's my roster entirely
there's nothing else I have a lot of
acquaintances and stuff but those are my
friends and I'm someone who has
literally probably every possibility to
make a new friend I could gen I I think
I'm in a unique position where if I
wanted a new friend I could probably
find one the same day like if I really
put my back into it you know what I mean
like I could probably find someone that
like there's so much scope even just
like I get invited to a lot of places
okay perfect like I'll make a friend
there it's not because you're unlikable
or it's not because you're it's hard
it's because it just is hard to make
friends they are as serious as romantic
relationships and you wouldn't ever
expect someone to have a romantic you
wouldn't expect someone to have a
romantic relationship but you would
expect them to have a friend why what's
the difference like it's just as intense
for me anyway anyway a lot of the time I
know they're different but it should not
be an expectation at all points in your
life to be surrounded by friends cuz
sometimes you won't be that's okay
you'll be fine cuz they'll find you at
some point they're out there right now
they're becoming the people that they
need to be so that when you meet them
you like them that's always what I think
I'm like you know how I think about that
actually I always think about that in
the context of my future husband or wife
cuz obviously I don't know who they are
right now but I know that they're out
there somewhere and I'm like what are
you doing freak you better not be
[__] freaking it with someone else
it's disgusting but it's like I know
that they if I met that person today
whoever I'm eventually going to marry I
probably wouldn't like them very much
unless I'm meant to meet them today but
I probably more than likely would not
like them very much because they are not
who I'm going to meet yet they're not
the version of themselves that will Co
collide with my life and there's a
reason that I haven't met them yet
because I would meet them and I would
think you [__] suck or you don't
intrigue me or you're not my type
because maybe my type's going to change
there's always a reason I don't know you
yet and I'm glad I don't because they
probably have some [__] to sort out
because I'm definitely not going to date
one of those freaks that's like actually
have a very like consistent linear life
and like I feel like I've always been
this person no I'm going to date someone
that's like well I have had seven
different eras and I can only access
knowledge about three of them through
hypnotherapy that will be who I marry so
I hope they're okay right now hope
they're having a good morning cuz
they're probably not not going to lie
cuz I'm not getting married until I'm
like 60 so I know oh they could be doing
anything it's actually a crazy thought
well now I will be driving to London
because I'm going to go and Cat it for
my friend T she's going to Geneva so
that's fun and and little ADHD
medication update I had an appointment
with my psychiatrist this morning and
she had up my dose last time to 40
milligram of my medication and then
she'd given me a booster to take in the
afternoon because I kept crashing and
crash is basically like imagine like an
actual come down I was angry irritated
exhausted um all by 3:00 p.m. because
the medication wore off before it was
meant to so she gave me a booster so I
started taking that and I was like eh
it's okay I don't crash anymore which is
nice but I I don't think I'm focused I
think I'm just slightly more regulated
question mark like I just am not I'm
just a little more rational that's the
best way I can describe it life is okay
and I'm not freaking out majorly about
anything which is very unusual for me so
I was like okay I know it's working I
just it's not making me do my work it's
not making me sit at my computer and
focus for an hour which is what I need
it for like I don't mind being a crazy
[__] actually I do cuz I didn't realize
I was that crazy until I got on this
medication and it just
like and I was like w that's nice that's
nice life my existence doesn't have to
be a horrendous bloody fight crazy but I
told her like I don't really feel that
focused though and she was like okay
well I'll just like up you way more
she's like since this didn't work I'm
going to make you try TR make you try
she's now given me the dose up and then
double dose in the afternoon so I'm
going to take more in the morning and
then the booster that she's going to
give me is more akin to a rocket ship up
my butthole imagine that um and I get to
try it today time I'm going be literally
so skilled because I have to drive to
London so I'm like I'm not going to
[__] drive this and then go driving
because actually I don't think that
that's legal I'm not sure but I'm
obviously just not going to try any
medication and then get behind a wheel
that would be silly so I'm going to go
to London and then the second that I
park my car in London I'm going to try
the new medication that she put me on
and I'm really hopeful that it's going
to work this time because I'm getting a
little bit scared that the dose keeps
going up and I just still am [__]
useless the best way I can describe it
I'm still completely incapable of
getting [__] done um not completely but
effectively capeless capeless cap cap
incapable I'm really hoping that this
new dose is going to work because I'm
getting scared I'm like because I
Googled it and it was like some people's
body chemistry literally just does not
work with this pill it just won't help
them that scared me there's another type
of medication I can try if this one
doesn't work and a lot of people find
that only one of them works for them
rather than having them both be like oh
yeah I could take either it's like no I
prefer this one over this one so if this
one doesn't work I will try the second
option I'm just skilled and I really
hope that it works um because all it
keeps doing is making me feel like I've
had caffeine like I get a burst of
energy and like Jitters almost but like
that does not make me focus it just kind
of makes me want to go somewhere
question mark like it makes me want to
maybe have a conversation but that's it
so anyway my dog is actually sleeping
next to me right now and she's just
[__] ripped ass it stinks thank you
for listening to this week's episode
Pretty Lonesome I hope that you enjoyed
it I'm going to go drive to London now
and then potentially I'm going to go try
my new medication and then I'll let you
guys know what it does cuz it's a
significantly larger amount than I was
on before so if I st posting things on
my Instagram story that just make you
feel like slightly uncomfortable like
did she mean to post that that's how you
know it worked see you guys next week I
love you so much have a good week bye